Document `wallet_snap` (#107)
MetaMask/mm-docs-v2: snaps/reference/rpc-api.md

# Snaps JSON-RPC API

Snaps communicate with MetaMask using the Snaps JSON-RPC API.

> These API methods allow snaps to modify the functionality of MetaMask, and dapps to install and

Reviewer: Let's keep the usage of website throughout the documentation.

```javascript
// Example result if any snaps are permitted
{
  'npm:@metamask/example-snap': {
    version: '1.0.0',

>     id: 'npm@metamask/example-snap',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    id: 'npm:@metamask/example-snap',
```

{
  'npm:@metamask/example-snap': {
    version: '1.0.0',

>     id: 'npm@metamask/example-snap',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    id: 'npm:@metamask/example-snap',
```

    enabled: true,
    blocked: false,
  },
  'npm:fooSnap': {
    version: '1.0.5',

>     id: 'npmfooSnap',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    id: 'npm:fooSnap',
```

Requesting this permission also invokes the specified snaps.

This method is synonymous to [`wallet_invokeSnap`](#wallet_invokesnap), and is only callable by websites.

:::note
Most websites only ever make one call to `wallet_requestPermissions`.
Consecutive calls to `wallet_requestPermissions` for the `wallet_snap` permission overwrites a
website's existing permissions to interact with snaps.
To deal with this, you must write custom logic to merge existing snap IDs with new ones you're requesting.
Use [`wallet_getSnaps`](#wallet_getsnaps) to get a list of a website's permitted snaps.
:::

#### Parameters

When requesting this permission, specify a caveat of type `snapIds`.
Specify each snap to request permission to interact with as an entry in the `value` field of the caveat.
Each snap entry can include a `version` to install.
The default is the latest version.

#### Example

The following is an example of calling `wallet_requestPermissions` to request the `wallet_snap`
permission:

```javascript
const result = await ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_requestPermissions',
  params: [{
    wallet_snap: {
      caveats: [
        {
          type: 'snapIds',
          value: {

>             '@metamask/example-snap': { version: '1.0.0' },
>             '@metamask/foo-bar-snap': { version: '1.2.1' },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            'npm:@metamask/example-snap': { version: '1.0.0' },
            'npm:@metamask/foo-bar-snap': { version: '1.2.1' },
```

await snap.request({
  method: 'snap_notify',
  params: {
    type: 'inApp',
    message: 'Hello, world!',
  },
});
```

### wallet_snap

A website must request the `wallet_snap` permission using

> [`wallet_requestPermissions`](../../wallet/reference/rpc-api#wallet_requestpermissions) in order to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`wallet_requestPermissions`](../../wallet/reference/rpc-api#wallet_requestpermissions) to
```

interact with the specified snaps.

A website can also call this method to invoke the specified JSON-RPC method of the specified snap.

This method is synonymous to [`wallet_invokeSnap`](#wallet_invokesnap), and is only callable by websites.

:::note

> Most websites only ever make one call to `wallet_requestPermissions`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most websites only make one call to `wallet_requestPermissions`.
```

Consecutive calls to `wallet_requestPermissions` for the `wallet_snap` permission overwrites a
website's existing permissions to interact with snaps.
To deal with this, you must write custom logic to merge existing snap IDs with new ones you're requesting.
Use [`wallet_getSnaps`](#wallet_getsnaps) to get a list of a website's permitted snaps.
:::

#### Parameters

When requesting this permission, specify a caveat of type `snapIds`.
Specify each snap to request permission to interact with as an entry in the `value` field of the caveat.
Each snap entry can include a `version` to install.
The default is the latest version.

> When calling this method, it takes as a parameter one object containing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When calling this method, specify an object containing:
```

await snap.request({
  method: 'snap_notify',
  params: {
    type: 'inApp',
    message: 'Hello, world!',
  },
});
```

### wallet_snap

> Invokes the specified JSON-RPC method of the specified snap.
> A website must request permission to call this method using
> [`wallet_requestPermissions`](../../wallet/reference/rpc-api#wallet_requestpermissions) in order to
> interact with the specified snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The permission for a website to interact with a snap, it can also be used to invoke the specified JSON-RPC method of the specified snap.
A website must request permission to call this method using
[`wallet_requestPermissions`](../../wallet/reference/rpc-api#wallet_requestpermissions) in order to
interact with the specified snap.

An example of a request for the `wallet_snap` permission is as follows:

```javascript
const result = await ethereum.request({
  method: 'wallet_requestPermissions',
  params: [{ 
	wallet_snap: { 
		caveats: [
			{
				type: 'snapIds', 
			 	value: { 
					'@metamask/example-snap': {},
					'@metamask/foo-bar-snap': {},
				}
			}
		]
	}
}],
});
```

:::note
Most websites will only ever make one call to `wallet_requestPermissions`. However, it is to be noted that consecutive calls to `wallet_requestPermissions` for the `wallet_snap` permission will overwrite a website's existing permissions to interact with snaps. In order to deal with this, you would have to write custom logic to merge existing snap Ids with new ones you're requesting. In order to get a list of a website's permitted snaps, you need to call the [`wallet_getSnaps`](#wallet_getSnaps) method.
:::
```

Reviewer: FYI, I had to botch the code block because GitHub wasn't formatting it correctly

> This method is only callable by websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is only callable by websites. It is synonymous to the [`wallet_invokeSnap`](../../wallet/reference/rpc-api#wallet_invokeSnap) method. 
```

We can remove the section below as well.
